[RLlib] CQL Documentation + Tests (#14531)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib-algorithms.rst

   :start-after: __sphinx_doc_begin__
   :end-before: __sphinx_doc_end__

.. _cql:

Conservative Q-Learning (CQL)
-----------------------------------
|pytorch|
`[paper] <https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.04779>`__ `[implementation] <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/agents/cql/cql.py>`__

> Offline RL is RL in the setting where there is no access to an environment, but a dataset of pre-collected state-action tuples. In particular, CQL is an offline RL algorithm that mitigates the overestimation of Q-values outside the dataset distribution via convservative critic estimates. CQL does this by adding a simple Q regularizer loss to the standard Belman update loss. This ensures that the critic does not output overly-optimistic Q-values and can be added on top of any off-policy Q-learning algorithm (e.g. SAC). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In offline RL, the algorithm has no access to an environment, but can only sample from a fixed dataset of pre-collected state-action-reward tuples. In particular, CQL (Conservative Q-Learning) is an offline RL algorithm that mitigates the overestimation of Q-values outside the dataset distribution via conservative critic estimates. It does so by adding a simple Q regularizer loss to the standard Bellman update loss. This ensures that the critic does not output overly-optimistic Q-values and can be added on top of any off-policy Q-learning algorithm (here, we provide this for SAC).
```

> RLlib CQL is evaluated against the Behaviour Cloning benchmark (BC) at 500K gradient steps over the dataset. The only difference between BC and CQL config is the ``bc_iters`` parameter in CQL (how many gradient steps over BC loss). CQL is evaluated on the `D4RL <https://github.com/rail-berkeley/d4rl>`__ benchmark, which has pre-colleted offline datasets for many types of environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RLlib's CQL is evaluated against the Behavior Cloning (BC) benchmark at 500K gradient steps over the dataset. The only difference between the BC- and CQL configs is the ``bc_iters`` parameter in CQL, indicating how many gradient steps we perform over the BC loss. CQL is evaluated on the `D4RL <https://github.com/rail-berkeley/d4rl>`__ benchmark, which has pre-collected offline datasets for many types of environments.
```
